Add fingerprints to Stanage SSH section. (#1655)
rcgsheffield/sheffield_hpc: stanagepilot/stanage-connecting-ssh.rst

    ssh -X $USER@stanage-login1.shef.ac.uk

> When connecting for the first time you should make sure that the SSH fingerprints are correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When connecting for the first time you should make sure that the SSH 'fingerprint' is correct.
```

The RSA, ECDSA and ED25519 fingerprints for Stanage's login nodes are: ::

    SHA256:mFfJmZHH0SUogoUhTtlatoZLEacfGAlj0cTrnInO5z0 (RSA)
    SHA256:4HdvK3C1KDm+JG1TzxQKxezMz5ojEORynHUqF9tQfoI (ECDSA)
    SHA256:aaTv+0TEc0nj7WR2ZuBYWFDD+QqzOKJpMjEFKBx6pQU (ED25519)

> Your terminal will show one of these fingerprints by default. If any one of these fingerprints matches you should continue. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your SSH client will show one of these fingerprints by default. If any one of these fingerprints matches you should continue. 
```
